Dear Tristan,

Your RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) request has been approved, with consideration given to the information provided.

1x EMG CGS Series Daniel Defense Licensed MK18 Gas Blowback Airsoft Rifle by CYMA (Color: Flat Dark Earth) (102903 - GR-EMG-DD-1101-FDE)

Request: Exchange or full store credit request

Reason: Defective merchandise

Your RMA number is: 248258

All associated notes have been placed on this RMA number. Please be sure to thoroughly read and understand the shipping instructions and terms below.

Please send the package back to the following address:

Evike.com RMA#: 248258
2801 W. Mission Road
Alhambra, CA 91803

A shipping label has been issued for your return. All items must be packaged in accordance to the following guidelines to be covered under our warranty, paid repair, or exchange service. PACKAGE MUST BE TAKEN TO A UPS DROP-OFF LOCATION.

1. All airsoft guns and products must be in their original boxes and packaging (unless otherwise stated by the condition reported above).
2. The item's original box from the manufacturer must be free of any writing or damage and THE ORIGINAL BOX MUST REMAIN UNALTERED (unless otherwise stated by the condition reported above).
3. Small items, such as pistols, grenades, accessories, or other items, may be shipped in a padded envelope or small box.
4. Print out this notice and include it with the package. We will need this paperwork for identification purposes.
5. Upon inspection of returned items, if the issues on the returned products cannot be replicated or the condition is different from what was noted, the return will be subject to restocking fees.
6. In the event that a returned product is found to be in violation of any of the Evike.com return guidelines or warranty policies, warranty will be voided and the item will be returned to the customer.
7. Please wipe clean any returned products for proper inspection and work to be completed. Dust and mud can cause further issues if stuck on a returned product.

IMPORTANT: Removal or modification of the blazing orange tip on airsoft guns may result in denial of RMA if damage occurs from modification. All airsoft guns must be shipped with a blazing orange tip and therefore a fee may be charged if a product is sent back without an attached orange tip.

The average repair time for standard airsoft products is 5-10 business days.

Once the item is packaged, BE SURE TO WRITE YOUR RMA NUMBER ON THE SHIPPING BOX, NOT THE PRODUCT PACKAGING, so that it is clearly visible for our staff to identify.

Your RMA number will expire 30 days after issuance. Please send your package out as soon as possible so we may correct any issues that you have experienced as quickly as possible. If your RMA number expires, anything sent will be returned to you in the condition they were received.

Thank You,

Evike.com RMA Department